now in this video we will recap the
story of jenny and her father Jeff
we started out with jenny having a blast calling
up evil spirits with her adorable puppets she
seems to have a vivid imagination this girl that
is probably because her dad is a cartoon artist
talented in drawing creepy puppets and the likes
while jenny is playing in the attic her father
Jeff is having a good time with the babysitter
Samantha a loud bang sounds from above but the
two adults don't seem to care however shortly
after another bang halls down Maggie her mother
and Jeff's wife just got home and heard the noise
as well she storms up to have a look and Jeff
for once too gets up and seems to suddenly care
he seems to be a little bit lazy dude now in the
next scene we can see that the relationship
between Jeff and Maggie isn't the healthy one
they argue blaming each other and really go
all out all in front of the poor little girl
she is seemingly annoyed by her parents fighting
and who wouldn't really right why in front of the
kid now Maggie drives her daughter to the hospital
and leaves Jeff back we get to know that she seems
to be a very successful employee while Jeff is
an unemployed artist that hasn't seen a job in
over three years i suppose her frustration can
be understood on the other hand we hear that
she seems to work almost every day and barely
gets to see her daughter it is clear that both
of them are very dissatisfied with each other
and their daughter is the victim of the feud
a few days pass and we cut to a divorce hearing in
front of a family court looks like these problems
weren't new ones huh now Maggie demands sole
custody of their daughter which by all means
seems to be a little bit harsh Jeff hasn't
got a job and seems to be irresponsible but he
shows a great deal of heart and empathy with his
daughter however that doesn't stop Maggie and her
father to crush down on jeff in this hearing an
intense argument breaks out and unfortunately
can be heard by jenny sitting outside once again
a stupid and unnecessary move by the adults here
after coming home jeff does with every
insecure dude would do in his position
wallowing in self-pity watching old family videos
while at the same time stuffing down junk food
we can see this guy is not a dangerous man the
next day jenny and her dad go for some lunch
at the local cafe now we can see how much joy she
receives from her dad's talent as a cartoon artist
he seems to love her very much but seems to be
easily distracted when he meets an old friend who
he went to school with he isn't able to balance
between him and his daughter which causes her to
disappear annoyed on the other hand the guy that
he meets runs a comic business and invites him
to discuss the possibilities of an inking
job good job jeff way to go in my opinion
now at the same time though his soon-to-be
ex-wife calls and causes a scene because he
went out with her daughter as she puts it that's
shameless if you ask me but understandable if he
was a dangerous guy but this guy's threat level
isn't over the one of a potato okay and i'm not
talking about a hot one here he has generally a
good heart so both argue back and forth until this
happens now the mother is gone and we find
ourselves back at the funeral service at their
home the mood is generically dimmed until jenny
decides to paint the walls with tomato juice i
guess she's an artist as well her father tries to
stop her but looks more like a clueless teenager
facing his accident perhaps his late ex-wife had a
point this weird scene is followed by another one
jeff pulls a very bad speech while those around
him fake their interest in what he has to say
at the same time the painting in the back
magically catches fire but instead of doing
something against it he just stares at it luckily
samantha the babysitter comes for help now this
doesn't seem like a natural distortion does
it looks like the haunting is about to start
the guests have left and jenny is already sleeping
and jeff goes for a nap as well he is exhausted
but then he hears a sound and wakes up as he
leaves the room to check he witnesses the door
to the attic opening itself up being worried about
his daughter he decides to have a look but before
he arrives a creepy white black stripped clown
climbs through it now jeff is freaked out he backs
off falls onto his butt and freezes in terror
the interesting thing it is one of his drawings
was it just a dream well we will find out the next
day two things happen maggie's father pays our
house a visit he is determined to take away jenny
because apparently it was his daughter's last wish
before she died which is ridiculous says he
has no connection whatsoever with little jenny
it seems like he only wants her because that's
what is now the sea's daughter wanted jeff on the
other hand for once is determined to not back
down good for him knowing he has to change to
stand a chance against his ex-wife's rich father
he makes his way to the comic book business owner
and proposes himself as a new employee conor the
owner of the business agrees and jeff as of now is
back in the game at home he starts putting down
some sketches he is completely immersed until
he loses control and falls into a trance state he
rapidly scribbles a dark figure over his sketches
when he awakes from it he realizes that something
isn't right but before he could pick up the phone
and call his local therapist his daughter comes
in and tells him about the monster in her room
great timing in her room she comes clean she
tells him that she's very sad and misses her mom
to which jeff replies this yeah me i'm sad too but
you know what it's okay to be sad honey that's a
beautiful sentence jeff might be a lazy dreamer
but he sure carries his heart in the right place
now when he has his new job meeting he hands
out his sketches but in between them the black
scribble he has made during trance is still
there he forgot to take it out but his new boss
completely falls in love with it to
understand that you must know that his
new boss is a strange guy that is possessed with
the idea of a comic book about darkness itself
and the drawing jeff has made is exactly what he
wants be it as it is it doesn't matter jeff is
happy that he has found a new job it isn't
what he dreamt of but it is enough to take
care of his daughter for the time being that is
apart from the ghosts that are haunting his home
despite all the weird occurrences in the past
few days jeff doesn't seem to understand what's
really happening but the weird dreams the strange
sounds and those states in which he loses complete
control indicate that something bad is going
on whether it is schizophrenia or being haunted
i think both require action that is why during one
of the next days he fixates a camera in the corner
of jenny's room if there are strange things
happening then we must be able to capture it
before the next night creeps in though jeff's boss
comes in to check his progress the conversation
drifts into spirits and ghosts jeff is obviously
concerned about the strange happenings at home
but he has a hard time believing ghosts are real
before going home though he meets samantha and his
daughter in the park if you ask me the babysitter
so far has been a strangest thing in this movie
and this you know everybody knows men just get
better with age proofs it once again she is
constantly hitting on him it is very obvious but
jeff doesn't seem to be aware of it until they
arrive at home because there samantha casually
pours into drinks as if this was her house then
she walks over to jeff hands him a drink and leans
forward to kiss him he backs away embarrassed she
leaves in my book however she should have been
fired but jeff seems to be attracted to her
and i will explain what i mean with that shortly
but first let's have a look what the camera has
caught during the following night after samantha
has left jeff went back to his study to finish off
some work but at the same time he's streaming
live footage of the camera in jenny's room
when the image suddenly starts to flicker a
shadowy figure appears in a corner of the room
he rushes upstairs arriving in the room jenny
isn't there but the window is open the worst
case goes through his mind until something
under a blanket is creeping up behind him
i guess this time it was only his daughter but
it becomes increasingly clear that something
isn't right personally the shadowy figure from
before wouldn't let me be in peace i would not
spend the night in here however what is even
scarier than that is that the next morning jeff
calls over samantha to take care of his daughter
again this is strange this woman obviously wants
more from you than you can give her in my
book keeping her around isn't a good idea
it is almost as if jeff is lonely and that
she's more like a caretaker to him than
jenny now when samantha too hears a loud noise
banging from upstairs she goes to have a look
yeah having a small girl standing in an oversized
t-shirt on top of a menacing staircase leading
into darkness is not gonna happen now samantha
thinks likewise however that doesn't stop the
spirit from creeping her out when jeff comes home
he finds her traumatized sitting on the stairs
the conversation they have is really
weird but at this point we should stop
questioning it basically samantha asks jeff
to binge watch some movies downstairs and
get high together of course he rejects her to
which she replies this man you used to be fun
but jeff goes back to continue his work as if
nothing happened however all his drawings are
screwed up desperately he confronts jenny to
ask her why she did that but she denies being
the culprit the conversation shifts into a talk
about the deceased mother again she tells him
for instance that her mom keeps visiting her and
that she keeps telling her that it was him who
killed her which as we all know is a complete
la now the next day jeff visits his boss Alan
to explain the situation about the screwed up
inkings he understands and gives him extra days
to finish off the job he even goes out of his way
and inquires about what exactly happened and again
they start talking about spirits and ghosts but
this time Alan is unusually serious in his tone
when he finds out that jeff and maggie used
to often fight before she passed away and that
always in front of jenny herself he concludes that
jenny must be traumatized and suffer from ptsd
but he also points out that this isn't just
trauma you see jenny has been drawing the same
dark figure like jeff has in a state of trance
but he has never shown any of these sketches to
his daughter so how could she draw the exact same
thing this leads Alan to conclude that the grudged
spirit of maggie is haunting both of them with the
goal of driving a wedge between them now jeff who
was at first skeptic about this whole idea starts
to understand he then asks Alan what he should do
and he replies this you need to talk to her you
need to speak to your wife before something very
bad happens Alan walks over to his drawer opens
it up takes out the wooden ornament box and hands
it over to jeff now this isn't some supernatural
type of salt ladies and gentlemen nope in 2021 we
do not fight spirits with salt and medallion in
2021 we fight spirits with ayahuasca you heard
that right what he gives jeff is a herbal drink
containing the psychedelic and clarifies that he
jeff needs to connect with maggie and finish
off their ongoing feud i might add here that
ayahuasca is commonly known as a bridge to
the spirit world i mean let's go let us enter
the void now we cut back home and before we get to
the climax jenny suffers from an allergic reaction
while jeff is busy trying to rescue her the screws
of the lamp above samantha are being unscrewed
it looks like the spirit is about to screw a
samantha here now the lamp eventually knocks
her unconscious and while jeff is able to save
his daughter passes out because of this incident
the police arrive and investigate what exactly
happened even though they first suspect jeff
to be an abusive father they eventually let him
be for the time being at the same time maggie's
father joins as well not that that was necessary
but before he can make a scene jeff offers him
to take in jenny for the night and then discuss
her future tomorrow now he willingly agrees of
course and after everyone is left jeff decides to
confront his deceased wife with drinking the brew
Alan has given him before now nothing happens at
first but eventually his reality starts to distort
he is confused but then suddenly he is facing off
the dark figure that has been hunting him and his
daughter in the weeks before before anything
meaningful can happen though he wakes up on
the floor as if it was only a dream which is a
common thing after the consumption of this herb
now he was able to confront maggie but it wasn't
long enough to come to a solution but it seems he
has gained some confidence during this experience
because the next day multiple things happen at the
family court for instance jeff is able to convince
maggie's dad about keeping custody and at the same
time decides to move upstate near him he continues
to be a grown-up man for the first time in his
movie and negotiates a work from home deal with
his bosses and is able to keep his job as well
now that is all great and stuff of course but at
the same time maggie's father arrives at the house
to pick up jenny but before he can get to her he
receives a message from the police saying that
they have successfully identified the culprit who
killed his daughter now before he can alert jeff
though he is pushed down the staircase it looks
like he was pushed by an invisible force but would
the spirit of his starter really do something
like that i guess by now it should be clear what
is really going on here as samantha tried to run
off with jenny a bright red light starts to glow
the spirit of maggie is about to join the party
at the same time jeff arrives back home and
finds his ex-wife's father lying crippled at the
stairs now he isn't dead fortunately and is able
to point at his phone samantha rushes down and
screams at jeff to run away however before she
can continue talking jeff opens up the email with
the identified culprit and finds out that samantha
was the one who killed his wife now it
was also her who pushed down grandfather
poisoned jenny and likely even destroyed his
sketches now she starts to freak out like a
maniac she tries to talk her way out of it her
eyes tell that she is the real monster here until
it's over then the movie continues with the long
overdue confrontation between maggie and jeff
they eventually seem to agree with each other
and we get a cheesy but kind of epic looking
but definitely unnecessary slow-mo free fall
of daughter and father and then a cute scene in
which both of them plan ahead a brighter future by
leaving the past behind let me know what you think
i hope you liked this recap if so consider
leaving a like and subscribe and why not
binge another one how about that peace